Let's first add some more content to the quotation like the date,
customer details, and, of course, product details.
Go back to the code in your Quotation class. There's the
addQuoteDetails method. Here, you're basically adding the customer
details, the date, followed by the product details.
You'll simply need to follow what was done in the previous clip to
add more rows and cells into your worksheet.
So to save us quite a lot of time here,
I'm going to paste these lines of code to this.
I highly recommend that you add them one by one in your code.
You can also get these lines of code from the exercise
files and paste them as per the instructions given inside
the text file related to the clip.
Once you add the content,
you can call the addQuoteDetails method inside
generateQuotation method. And then, as usual,
run the application and see the result.
You'll see the content added,
but without any formatting or styling in place. Back in the code, I need to
bring a few things to your attention. You can see here that a list of code
data is passed into this method from the generateQuotation method. And that
data is looped through here, and the lines are added as product details in
the quotation document. The quantity, product name as the description, and
the price, then the subTotal, tax, and total is also set below it.
So now it's time to do some formatting and styling, and let's see how to do that in the next clip.